Update fares-v2.md (#100)
MobilityData/gtfs.org: src/pages/en/changes.md

### MobilityData

> The MobilityData project has proposed GTFS extensions so that transit service features can be more completely represented. See the complete list of proposed GTFS extensions: [bit.ly/gtfs-extensions](http://bit.ly/gtfs-extensions).

Reviewer: This will be my suggestion
```suggestion
To improve the need to have a better representation of transit service features, MobilityData project has proposed different GTFS extensions. Help us to understand better your needs by providing your feedback in each of the proposed GTFS extensions: [bit.ly/gtfs-extensions](http://bit.ly/gtfs-extensions)
```

Reviewer 2: I committed these changes and made some minor edits.
